me oh no here comes someone I'll just
hide inside myself no one will see me
greetings fellow adventurers this is
homeless Goomba with a mortal Kyodai not
so much special guest Pinchot 32 and we
are for an epic pony unicorn adventure
through I don't know what this flowery
land is this is basically prop hunt
except for obviously people are not
trying to hide very well because they're
climbing up saighe antic towers as
ponies summits get back here what to eat
you I want to feast on you sammich no
one will see me already barrel I'm gonna
be The Wanted sign can't you get the
pink hair instantly I thought you caught
it when you signed up as a girl oh just
a Wanted sign in the little play zone
nobody come look for me I'm not
suspicious just a wanted sign hey hey
don't hate on their sky pictures too
boss beautiful okay oh look at me I'm
just a one in sign oh yeah
chillin up here
what he signs those dead what is that a
new song is that like gonna be a new I
mean I'm not by the statue okay quick
sing off anyone up first thing off found
a prop
you found a problem well props to you
seriously not a prop is it not a hidden
prop evil thing I'm just high near
chilling in my little sinner space no
one's ever gonna find me
I am the statue in the center I know my
ball right no I'm not the statue I'm a
little hidden sign hidden inside oh look
a fellow one inside I'll save him don't
go and do the pac-man world get back
here buddy
get back here no it's too late he's lost
we've lost them height you go I'm not
here don't come looking for me don't
come looking for me
yeah walk on by there ignore you you
can't catch me
comer's
it's my dream to make it to the cave
building I know exactly what I'm gonna
be oh I know I know and I wanna know oh
I'm gonna blend in like nothing you've
ever seen none you don't see oh look at
me blending in guys
check it every day I am blending in I am
a gigantic chunk of wood no one suspects
a thing
are we all props I don't know I'm a
problem oh crap no one's gonna find me
do not pay attention to me okay I know
exactly where to hide I am a genius
I found the perfect spot oh really
you think you're gonna catch me the
gigantic pile of wood you think you can
really catch this yeah no you don't you
don't see me I too well hidden
no one ever catches me yeah I think I'm
gonna I'm in a legit spot no one can
find me look at this no one's by me I'm
frickin boss no inspiring
I am a odo musters no no why why was
that we dead so that is all for this
time if you enjoyed this very short
video of playing prop hunt in roblox
please leave a like and comment less
know what you want C's do or play next
time we will see you next time